Configuration file tweaks (#39)
Mirantis/launchpad: docs/configuration-file.md

Specify the machines for the cluster.

- `address` - Address of the machine. This needs to be an address to which `launchpad` tool can connect to with SSH protocol.
- `privateInterface` - Discover private network address from the configured network interface (default: `eth0`)
- `ssh` - [SSH](#ssh) connection configuration options
- `winRM` - [WinRM](#winrm) connection configuration options
- `role` - One of `manager` or `worker`, specifies the role of the machine in the cluster

> - `environment` - Key - value pairs in YAML map (hash, dictionary) syntax. Values will be updated to host environment. (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `environment` - Key - value pairs in YAML mapping syntax. Values will be updated to host environment. (optional)
```

Maybe that clarficiation is unnecessary
